\input texinfo	@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename Glob2 English Manual
@settitle Glob2 English Manual
@afourpaper
@documentencoding ISO-8859-1
@c %**end of header

@copying
This manual is for the @uref{http://ysagoon.com/glob2, Globulation 2 game}.

Copyright @copyright{} 2002 St@'ephane Magnenat

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.1 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover texts being ``Globulation 2 English Manual,''
and with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below.  A copy of the
license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free Documentation
License.''

(a) The FSF's Back-Cover Text is: ``You have freedom to copy and modify
this manual, like Globulation 2 itself.  If you likes Globulation 2, please
consider publisizing it, reporting bug, contributing to code, graphics, 
musicm translations and so on. Additionally, you can send postcards to
Globulation 2 developpers.''
@end quotation
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Globulation 2
@subtitle English Manual
@author St@'ephane Magnenat

@c The following two commands start the copyright page.
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying

@uref{http://ysagoon.com/glob2, Published by the Globulation 2 project}
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of contents at the beginning.
@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top Globulation 2 English Manual

@insertcopying

The manual is divided into the following sections, to give you
a quick access to what you are searching for.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Quick introduction::    A quick introduction to Globulation 2 for new players.
@c * SGSL reference::   The reference for the SGSL scripting language.
* Contributing::     Details informations on how to contribute to Globulation 2.
@c * Index::            Complete index.
@end menu

@enumerate
@item
It works !

@item
It is free !

@end enumerate

@node Quick introduction
@chapter Quick introduction

Glob2 is cool.

@node Contributing
@chapter Contributing

The following sections will strongly help you if you are (or wanna be) a Globulation 2 contributor.

@menu
* Becoming a contributor::  The (easy) process to follow to become a Globulation 2 contributor.
* Coding guidelines::  Guidelines you have to follow if you want your code to be incorporated info Globulation 2.
* SGSL reference::  A detailed reference on SGSL syntax and keywords.
@end menu

@node Becoming a contributor
@section Becoming a contributor

@node Coding guidelines
@section Coding guidelines

@node SGSL reference
@section SGSL reference

bla bla bla SGSL

@c @node Index
@c @unnumbered Index

@c @printindex cp

@bye

